# Lab 8

1. **Where would you fit your automated tests in your Recipe project development pipeline?** In my Recipe project development pipeline, I would fit my automated tests in my project by manually running them locally before pushing code. Although implementing them within a Github action that runs whenever code is pushed allows for incremental testing and functionality which is valuable in Software Engineering, the scale of the Recipe project so far is small as well as an individual project. Creating an entire CI/CD pipeline for a small project seems overkill since you are the only one pushing and testing the code. If the project were to scale then GitHub Actions would be more necessary. However, since the scale is small, running the tests locally before pushing the code is enough, especially since repeated committing and pushing just to test code seems very unprofessional. Another alternative not stated in the options is to create a GitHooks like my team did in order to have redundancy for security. There would be GitHub Actions tests, but a GitHook would allow for local testing from the GitHub Actions in order to prevent committing and pushing broken code.
2. **Would you use an end to end test to check if a function is returning the correct output?** No, because end to end tests are more for testing user experience and interactivity of components of the code. Unit testing is more suited for testing correctness of an individual portion of the code.
3. **Would you use a unit test to test the “message” feature of a messaging application? Why or why not? For this question, assume the “message” feature allows a user to write and send a message to another user.** No, because a "message" feature of a messaging application involves more interconnected functionalities of the application, especially the communication of the message from one device to the other. End to end testing would fit more, specifically because this feature involves an experience between two users.
4. **Would you use a unit test to test the “max message length” feature of a messaging application? Why or why not? For this question, assume the “max message length” feature prevents the user from typing more than 80 characters.** Yes, because it is not important whether the message successfully sends to the other user or not. We are only testing a very specific part of the application (more specifically a restriction feature), which is more suitable for unit tests.